patent icky okay today we are doing a
water marble sunset painting now this is
water marbling with a little twist
something a little bit different I
really hope you like it like getting
through it now the polishes for this one
are from the OPI Hawaii collection and
one from the Brazil collection now I'm
only modeling one of the nails today and
I've painted it with a base coat of opie
eyes alpine snow this is the tool i'll
be using it's called a water marble is
from the stylish nail art shop but you
can use a toothpick or opinion or
anything like that now we're staying off
as you would a normal water marble by
building up your bullseye so basically
drops of polish into your room
temperature water
next you take a tool as I said before a
toothpick or a pen is fine too I just
happen to have this tool and it's still
pretty much looking like a normal
regular water marble so you're just
going to move the polish around in the
water to make like a kind of patterning
thing but nothing too uniform or like
it's pretty messy right now
now you're going to move your polish
around until you get to a pattern that
you like and then what you're going to
do is come in with some blue or green
polish and you're just going to add a
couple of drops and then you're going to
quickly move them around because you
only want goes to stay in one place in
your in your little pot of water you
don't want it to spread out all over the
place and that's why I did it that way
so then we're going to come in with a
little bit of yellow polish and we're
just going to add a very tiny dot now
because the Polish in the bowl or in the
cup is not as fluid as it was before the
yellow dot shouldn't spread out too much
so you can have you can end up with a
nice little dot and then what I'm going
to do is place my nail the tip needs to
go into the blue part and I want that
dot to end up almost basically in the
middle of my nail so it ends up looking
like a sunset and that's why I kind of
called it water marble water marble
painting anyway I think it worked out
really well and if those coffee barista
people can do this kind of stuff then
work our way that's what I think anyway
a little bit of cleanup with some non
acetone remover and my clean up brush
very quick very easy
and finally once everything is dry I'm
adding a top coat using my favorite top
coat which is session feet again all the
details about everything i use will be
in the description box down below as per
usual and that's it I really hope you
liked this one I had to get so calm even
if I do say so myself anyway thank you
so much for watching I'll see you next
time buy tickets and when thank you for
subscribing and take to that delicious
thumbs up guy